README.md, before:

# 1.16-1.20 Client Archive

![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20By%20-%20Wizard_11%20-%20purple)

This is an archive with hacked clients for the latest versions of minecraft. 

Cracked clients are marked with **[*]**

Payed clients are marked with **[$]**

**Enjoy!**

## Client Archive:

### 1.16 clients:

> **Ares**: [Ares Client Website](https://aresclient.org/download)

> **Wurst**: [Download Wurst Client 7-35-1](https://www.wurstclient.net/updates/wurst-7-35-1/)

> **BleachHack**: [Bleachhack website (Use 1.0)](https://bleachhack.org/downloads.html)

> **ForgeHax**: [ForgeHax](https://github.com/fr1kin/ForgeHax)

> **Inertia**: [Inertia](https://inertiaclient.com/)

> **Aristois**: [Aristois Installer](https://aristois.net/)

> **Impact**: [Impact Installer](https://impactclient.net/)

> **Meteor Archive**: [Github](https://github.com/ManInMyVan/meteor-archive)

### 1.17 clients:

> **Ares**: [Ares Client Website](https://aresclient.org/download)

> **Wurst**: [Dowload Wurst Client 7-27-3](https://www.wurstclient.net/updates/wurst-7-27-3/)

> **BleachHack**: [Bleachhack Website](https://bleachhack.org/)

> **Meteor Archive**: [Github](https://github.com/ManInMyVan/meteor-archive)

> **Aristois**: [Aristois Installer](https://aristois.net/)

### 1.18 clients

> **Ares**: [Ares Client Website](https://aresclient.org/download)

> **BleachHack**: [Bleachhack Website](https://bleachhack.org/)

> **Meteor Archive**: [Github](https://github.com/ManInMyVan/meteor-archive)

> **Aristois**: [Aristois Installer](https://aristois.net/)

> **Wurst**: [Download Wurst Client 7-32](https://www.wurstclient.net/updates/wurst-7-32)

## 1.19 clients

> **[*] Boze Crack**: [Github](https://github.com/PlutoSolutions/Boze)

> **[$] Boze Client**: [Website (18 USD)](https://boze.dev/)

> **BleachHack**: [Bleachhack Website](https://bleachhack.org/)

> **Meteor Archive**: [Github](https://github.com/ManInMyVan/meteor-archive)

> **Aristois**: [Aristois Installer](https://aristois.net/)

> **Wurst**: [Download Wurst 7-35-2](https://www.wurstclient.net/updates/wurst-7-35-2)

> **[*] Bloody Crack**: [GitHub](https://github.com/PlutoSolutions/BloodyClient)

> **[$] Bloody Client**: [Website (20 USD)](https://bloody-client.site/)

> **[$] Future Client**: [Website (20 USD)](https://www.futureclient.net/)

> **Jex Client**: [Github](https://github.com/DustinRepo/JexClient)

### 1.20 Clients

> **[*] Boze Crack v2**: [External Site](https://crystalpvp.ru/bozeupdate/)

> **[*] Bloody Crack v2**: [Github](https://github.com/PlutoSolutions/BLOODYCLIENT1.0.0)

> **[$] Boze Client**: [Website (18 USD)](https://boze.dev/)

> **[$] Bloody Client**: [Website (20 USD)](https://bloody-client.site/)

> **[$] Future Client**: [Website (20 USD)](https://www.futureclient.net/)

> **[$] Rusherhack Client**: [Website (20 USD)](https://rusherhack.org/)

> **[$] Mio Client**: [Website (Invite Only, then 20 USD)](https://www.mioclient.me/)

> **Wurst Client**: [Dowload the latest Wurst version](https://www.wurstclient.net/download/)

> **Meteor Client**: [Website](https://meteorclient.com/) **/** [Archive](https://github.com/ManInMyVan/meteor-archive)

> **Postman Client**: [Github](https://github.com/srgantmoomoo/postman?tab=readme-ov-file)

> **MatHax**: [Discord](https://discord.gg/qKDty6yzKw)

> **ThunderHack Recode**: [Github](https://github.com/Pan4ur/ThunderHack-Recode)

> **Aristois**: [Aristois Installer](https://aristois.net/)

### 1.20 Ghost/nethpot Clients

Clients for ghost hacking, or for netherite-potion pvp. Not for anarchy.

> **[$] Prestige**: [Website (10 Euros)](https://prestigeclient.vip/)

> **[*] Prestige Crack**: [External Site](https://crystalpvp.ru/prestige)

> **LiquidBounce**: [Website](https://liquidbounce.net/download)

> **Lumina**: [Github](https://github.com/LuminaDevelopment/LuminaClient)

> **Coffee Client**: [Dowload latest jar](https://github.com/Coffee-Client/Coffee/tree/master/bin)

### Credits: 

> [Smug2f](https://github.com/Smug2f) and his [Fast Client Archive](https://github.com/Smug2f/Fast-Client-Archive) for the inspiration.

> [ManInMyVan](https://github.com/ManInMyVan) (best github username ever) and his [Meteor Client Archive](https://github.com/ManInMyVan/meteor-archive)

> [Kilab Gaming](https://www.youtube.com/@KiLABGaming) and his CCOs (Complete Client Overviews) for some safe clients.

> [Mc-Hacks.net](https://mc-hacks.net/) for a list of confirmed safe clients 

> [PlutoSolutions](https://github.com/PlutoSolutions), an epic cool crack team, for providing 100% of the cracks in this archive.


Check out my other projects, like my [Fixed Meteor Archive](https://github.com/AGENTISNUM1/meteor-future)

Commit message:

Add shoreline & some fixes (1.21 soon)

README.md, after:

# 1.16-1.20 Client Archive

![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20By%20-%20Wizard_11%20-%20purple)

This is an archive with hacked clients for the latest versions of minecraft. 

Cracked clients are marked with **[*]**

Payed clients are marked with **[$]**

**Enjoy!**

## Client Archive:

### 1.16 clients:

> **Ares**: [Ares Client Website](https://aresclient.org/download)

> **Wurst**: [Download Wurst Client 7-35-1](https://www.wurstclient.net/updates/wurst-7-35-1/)

> **BleachHack**: [Bleachhack website (Use 1.0)](https://bleachhack.org/downloads.html)

> **ForgeHax**: [ForgeHax](https://github.com/fr1kin/ForgeHax)

> **Inertia**: [Inertia](https://inertiaclient.com/)

> **Aristois**: [Aristois Installer](https://aristois.net/)

> **Impact**: [Impact Installer](https://impactclient.net/)

> **Meteor Archive**: [Github](https://github.com/ManInMyVan/meteor-archive)

### 1.17 clients:

> **Ares**: [Ares Client Website](https://aresclient.org/download)

> **Wurst**: [Dowload Wurst Client 7-27-3](https://www.wurstclient.net/updates/wurst-7-27-3/)

> **BleachHack**: [Bleachhack Website](https://bleachhack.org/)

> **Meteor Archive**: [Github](https://github.com/ManInMyVan/meteor-archive)

> **Aristois**: [Aristois Installer](https://aristois.net/)

### 1.18 clients

> **Ares**: [Ares Client Website](https://aresclient.org/download)

> **BleachHack**: [Bleachhack Website](https://bleachhack.org/)

> **Meteor Archive**: [Github](https://github.com/ManInMyVan/meteor-archive)

> **Aristois**: [Aristois Installer](https://aristois.net/)

> **Wurst**: [Download Wurst Client 7-32](https://www.wurstclient.net/updates/wurst-7-32)

## 1.19 clients

> **[*] Boze Crack**: [Github](https://github.com/PlutoSolutions/Boze)

> **[$] Boze Client**: [Website (18 USD)](https://boze.dev/)

> **BleachHack**: [Bleachhack Website](https://bleachhack.org/)

> **Meteor Archive**: [Github](https://github.com/ManInMyVan/meteor-archive)

> **Aristois**: [Aristois Installer](https://aristois.net/)

> **Wurst**: [Download Wurst 7-35-2](https://www.wurstclient.net/updates/wurst-7-35-2)

> **[*] Bloody Crack**: [GitHub](https://github.com/PlutoSolutions/BloodyClient)

> **[$] Bloody Client**: [Website (20 USD)](https://bloody-client.site/)

> **[$] Future Client**: [Website (20 USD)](https://www.futureclient.net/)

> **Jex Client**: [Github](https://github.com/DustinRepo/JexClient)

### 1.20 Clients

> **[*] Boze Crack v2**: [External Site](https://crystalpvp.ru/bozeupdate/)

> **[*] Bloody Crack v2**: [Github](https://github.com/PlutoSolutions/BLOODYCLIENT1.0.0)

> **[$] Boze Client**: [Website (18 USD)](https://boze.dev/)

> **[$] Bloody Client**: [Website (20 USD)](https://bloody-client.site/)

> **[$] Future Client**: [Website (20 USD)](https://www.futureclient.net/)

> **[$] Rusherhack Client**: [Website (20 USD)](https://rusherhack.org/)

> **[$] Mio Client**: [Website (Invite Only, then 20 USD)](https://www.mioclient.me/)

> **Wurst Client**: [Dowload the latest Wurst version](https://www.wurstclient.net/download/)

> **Meteor Client**: [Website](https://meteorclient.com/) **/** [Archive](https://github.com/ManInMyVan/meteor-archive)

> **Postman Client**: [Github](https://github.com/srgantmoomoo/postman?tab=readme-ov-file)

> **MatHax**: [Discord](https://discord.gg/qKDty6yzKw)

> **ThunderHack Recode**: [Github](https://github.com/Pan4ur/ThunderHack-Recode)

> **Aristois**: [Aristois Installer](https://aristois.net/)

> **Shoreline**: [Shoreline Jar](https://github.com/Smug2f/Fast-Client-Archive/releases/download/v1.0.0/shoreline-1.0.jar) 

### 1.20 Ghost/nethpot Clients

Clients for ghost hacking, or for netherite-potion pvp. Not for anarchy.

> **[$] Prestige**: [Website (10 Euros)](https://prestigeclient.vip/)

> **[*] Prestige Crack**: [External Site](https://crystalpvp.ru/prestige)

> **LiquidBounce**: [Website](https://liquidbounce.net/download)

> **Lumina**: [Github](https://github.com/LuminaDevelopment/LuminaClient)

> **Coffee Client**: [Download latest jar](https://github.com/Coffee-Client/Coffee/tree/master/bin)

### Credits: 

> [Smug2f](https://github.com/Smug2f) and his [Fast Client Archive](https://github.com/Smug2f/Fast-Client-Archive) for the inspiration.

> [ManInMyVan](https://github.com/ManInMyVan) (best github username ever) and his [Meteor Client Archive](https://github.com/ManInMyVan/meteor-archive)

> [Kilab Gaming](https://www.youtube.com/@KiLABGaming) and his CCOs (Complete Client Overviews) for some safe clients.

> [Mc-Hacks.net](https://mc-hacks.net/) for a list of confirmed safe clients 

> [PlutoSolutions](https://github.com/PlutoSolutions), an epic cool crack team, for providing 100% of the cracks in this archive.

**1.21 is in the works**

Check out my other projects, like my [Fixed Meteor Archive](https://github.com/AGENTISNUM1/meteor-future)
